glossary: update base image terminology (#19769)
docker/docs: content/build/building/base-images.md

- /develop/develop-images/baseimages/
---

> All Dockerfiles start from a base image. A base is the image that your image is based on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Dockerfiles start from a base image. A base is the image that your image extends from.
```

It refers to the contents of the `FROM` instruction in the Dockerfile.

The following Dockerfile example uses the `python` Docker Official Image as a base image.

> Each subsequent instruction in the Dockerfile modifies the base image, adding or removing files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each subsequent instruction in the Dockerfile extends the base image, adding or removing files.
```

Don't want to give the impression that you're actually modifying the base image itself.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we should avoid avoid "or removing"; it's not common to remove files from a base image, and mentioning it here could quickly go down the rabbit-hole of describing layers, and how files cannot be removed from previous layers etc etc.

Author: Thanks, I've fixed both of these

```dockerfile

> FROM python:3-alpine

Author: Changed (removed) this example

WORKDIR /src
COPY requirements.txt .
RUN pip install -r requirements.txt
```

If you need to completely control the contents of your image, you can create
your own base image or use the special `FROM scratch` base:

```dockerfile
FROM scratch
```

This page shows you how to create your own base image.
The specific process depends heavily on the Linux distribution you want to package.

## Create a full image using tar

In general, start with a working machine that is running
the distribution you'd like to package as a base image, though that is
not required for some tools like Debian's [Debootstrap](https://wiki.debian.org/Debootstrap),
which you can also use to build Ubuntu images.

For example, to create an Ubuntu base image:

```dockerfile
$ sudo debootstrap focal focal > /dev/null
$ sudo tar -C focal -c . | docker import - focal

sha256:81ec9a55a92a5618161f68ae691d092bf14d700129093158297b3d01593f4ee3

$ docker run focal cat /etc/lsb-release

DISTRIB_ID=Ubuntu
DISTRIB_RELEASE=20.04
DISTRIB_CODENAME=focal
DISTRIB_DESCRIPTION="Ubuntu 20.04 LTS"
```

There are more example scripts for creating base images in

> [the Moby GitHub repository](https://github.com/moby/moby/blob/master/contrib).

Author: I am not ashamed to admit I chose not to look into this reference very closely. I saw something named `dockerize-disk.sh` as well so I thought OK maybe there's something here, I'll leave it as I found it 🙈
